Su Hai, they all say that this harem beauty is 3,000
I only have the queen and the princess
Kind of boring.
Your Majesty wants to have some fun, you can go to the brothel to see
Hey, why did you forget the brothel?
Goulan listening to music
Flower arrangement and jade
It's every man's dream.
That's not a bad idea.
What is the name of the best brothel in Beijing?
The best brothel in the capital is called Baihua Building
Take this
Try it.
Yo two masters come in and play
Today is a special program of our Baihua Building.
Ah, what special?
Today is the gathering of our girl who is like smoke in Baihua Building
The days are closing
Your Majesty's study is the first night
I heard that this smoke Kunlun is the first beauty in Jincheng
It has the appearance of sinking fish and falling geese
The appearance of closing the moon
Wow